README.md, before:

SublimeWritingStyle
===================

Improve your writing style with this Sublime Text package.

Why Should I use this package?
------------------------------

Practicing your writing skills will make you a more effective communicator.

How exactly does this package help?
-----------------------------------

It does two things. First, it helps you use *active voice* instead of *passive voice*.
Consider these two sentences:

- The car was driven by the boy. 

- The boy drove the car.

Which one is simpler? (Hint, its the second, active one.) Using active voice simultaneously makes your text shorter and more engaging to the reader. Unfortunately, it takes some practice to spot passive sentences. 
Passive voice indicators are forms of *to be* (am, is, are, was, were, be, been, being) plus another verb (often ending in *ed*).

Second, this package highlights *weasel words*. These judgmental words should be used sparingly. A few examples: *very, clearly, and, relatively*. 

Both the list of passive voice indicators and weasel words can be customized using Sublime Text settings files. Extra words to be highlighted can be listed using the `extra_words` settings key.

Who inspired this package?
--------------------------
[Stefan Brunthaler](http://www.ics.uci.edu/~sbruntha/), who extended the [writegood-mode](https://github.com/bnbeckwith/writegood-mode) for [Emacs](http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) in a similar fashion.

Commit message:

document required versions of ST. update to do's.

README.md, after:

SublimeWritingStyle
===================

Improve your writing style with this Sublime Text package. 
Currently it requires Sublime Text 2; an update is required for ST3.

Why Should I use this package?
------------------------------

Practicing your writing skills will make you a more effective communicator.

How exactly does this package help?
-----------------------------------

It does two things. First, it helps you use *active voice* instead of *passive voice*.
Consider these two sentences:

- The car was driven by the boy. 

- The boy drove the car.

Which one is simpler? (Hint, its the second, active one.) Using active voice simultaneously makes your text shorter and more engaging to the reader. Unfortunately, it takes some practice to spot passive sentences. 
Passive voice indicators are forms of *to be* (am, is, are, was, were, be, been, being) plus another verb (often ending in *ed*).

Second, this package highlights *weasel words*. These judgmental words should be used sparingly. A few examples: *very, clearly, and, relatively*. 

Both the list of passive voice indicators and weasel words can be customized using Sublime Text settings files. Extra words to be highlighted can be listed using the `extra_words` settings key.

Who inspired this package?
--------------------------
[Stefan Brunthaler](http://www.ics.uci.edu/~sbruntha/), who extended the [writegood-mode](https://github.com/bnbeckwith/writegood-mode) for [Emacs](http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) in a similar fashion.
